In this section, we'll be going over where
to go to go how download rescue image.
Now, depending if you want an Android or
Linaro,
you're gotta go to different sections.
For this section we're gonna go ahead and
show you where to find the Linaro one.
>> So we're gonna go ahead and
look over to our screen.
And so, right no we have our browser open.
And what we're gonna do at least to look
at the rescue image is go to 96boards.org.
And once this loads up, you're gonna want
to click on the DragonBoard 410c here.
And then click on documentation.
When you scroll down, you have these
user guides that is available for
both Android and Linaro, and
so you are going to go it and
click the appropriate one regarding
which Operating System you want.
Clicking on these links right here or
the other link over here.
We'll download you a PDF and
fortunately we already have it downloaded.
If we look over to this rescue image,
you'll see that the PDFs
are both available here.
Now since we're gonna be working on the
Linaro side, we're gonna be clicking on
the Linux so double clicking that
will open this user guide here.
And we'll go through the page,
this is what it should look like.
And what you want to do
is you want to download.
>> Or you want to go to the specific
link for a Linaro rescue image.
>> So we're gonna go ahead and
search up rescue.
And as you can see here,
we go to recovering you DragonBoard
with the rest of your image.
And you wanna go ahead and
download the appropriate, or
click on this link here and
download the rescue image.
>> So, go ahead and click on that and then
when it's finish downloading go ahead and
see you on the next section where we
go over on how to flash the image
on to your SD card.